update docs (#160)
frain-dev/convoy-website: content/docs/manual/organizations-and-projects.md

|           Limit          	|     Integer     	|                                             	|          5         	|
| Disable Failing Endpoint 	|     Boolean     	|                                             	|        False       	|

> **Note: Setting the Project's Disable Failing Endpoint config to `False` will automatically set all endpoint within that project to have an `active` state.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note: Setting the Project's Disable Failing Endpoint config to `False` will automatically set all the endpoints that are not in the `paused` state for that project to the `active` state.**
```
